First pass at docs (#115)
OxfordRSE/gutenberg: docs/guide/index.md

The Event page allows users to see the Event descriptions as well as seeing the Event components and their times/places. If logged in as Admin or Instructor, the edit tab will allow you to edit the overall event data and start adding EventGroups.

Once you have made changes to the form, click save to populate your changes to the database.

### Adding EventGroups

Click the Add group to add an EventGroup to the Event. This will add a new EventGroup to the collection of EventGroups for the Event. You can then edit the EventGroup information: The Name, Summary, Location and the Start/End times, click save to commit your changes.

## EventGroups

EventGroups are the individual components of an Event, such as lectures, tutorials, etc.
An event can be made up of any number of EventGroups.

They might, for example, say there is a lecture in room 101 at 10am on Monday, and a tutorial in room 102 at 2pm on Monday.

> You can optionally assign material, from the material repo, to an EventGrouo. Click The "Go" button below the EventGroup card to navigate to the EventGroup page and click the edit tab to begin editing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can optionally assign material, from the material repo, to an EventGroup. Click The "Go" button below the EventGroup card to navigate to the EventGroup page and click the edit tab to begin editing.
```

### Adding EventItems

> An EventGroup might just consist of a time and place for a lecture or it might have associated material from the course material repository, e.g. in the case of labs, or indeed simply for students toyou may wish to assign sections for the students to work through. This material can be assigned to the EventGroup as an EventItem.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An EventGroup might just consist of a time and place for a lecture or it might have associated material from the course material repository, e.g. in the case of labs, or you may wish to assign sections for the students to work through. This material can be assigned to the EventGroup as an EventItem.
```
